README.md, before:

# Blueprint

<p align="center">
  <img src="./docs/media/brlc-cover.png">
</p>

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![example branch parameter](https://github.com/cloudwalk/brlc-blueprint/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)
![example branch parameter](https://github.com/cloudwalk/brlc-blueprint/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)

This repository contains Blueprint smart contracts.

The Blueprint smart contract is designed as a reference and template one.

## Project Setup
1. Clone the repo.
2. Create the `.env` file based on the `.env.example` one:
   * Windows:
    ```sh
    copy .env.example .env
    ```
   * MacOS/Linux:
    ```sh
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
3. Optionally update the settings in the newly created `.env` file (e.g., Solidity version, number of optimization runs, network RPC URLs, private keys (PK) for networks, etc.).

## Build and test

```sh
# Install all dependencies
npm install

# Compile all contracts
npx hardhat compile

# Run all tests
npx hardhat test
```

## Licensing

This project is released under the MIT License, see [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

chore: update the README.md file

README.md, after:

# Blueprint

<p align="center">
  <img src="./docs/media/brlc-cover.png">
</p>

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![example branch parameter](https://github.com/cloudwalk/brlc-blueprint/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)
![example branch parameter](https://github.com/cloudwalk/brlc-blueprint/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)

This repository contains Blueprint smart contracts.

The Blueprint smart contract is designed as a reference and template one.

This repository also provides rules files for the Cursor IDE.

One of the rules files includes the example project generated from this repository.
To update the example execute [the appropriate script file](scripts/updateExampleProject.ts) like:
```bash
 npx hardhat run scripts/updateExampleProject.ts 
```


## Project Setup
1. Clone the repo.
2. Create the `.env` file based on the `.env.example` one:
   * Windows:
    ```sh
    copy .env.example .env
    ```
   * MacOS/Linux:
    ```sh
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
3. Optionally update the settings in the newly created `.env` file (e.g., Solidity version, number of optimization runs, network RPC URLs, private keys (PK) for networks, etc.).

## Build and test

```sh
# Install all dependencies
npm install

# Compile all contracts
npx hardhat compile

# Run all tests
npx hardhat test
```

## Licensing

This project is released under the MIT License, see [LICENSE](./LICENSE).
